[Music]
while Ecuador's have established range
is quite modest quite traditional this
new Espen thora designed 35 AQ looks
altogether more modern there are some
very nice touches in evidence here the
stern anchor beneath its own hatch the
fender basket with the word fenders
machined into the decking what I really
like is the interaction between saloon
and cockpit you can literally sit on the
threshold between the two areas and
enjoy lining for as many as eight people
down below the master suite is located
in the V of the bow and you also get a
head which share to starboard plus very
large guests double full beam further
our house is not the most spacious
region in the world that use of pale
woods and large windows and hatches
certainly helps wake after there with
details like the convex anti fog screen
and the vast window panels that make up
the cockpit cluster clean lines and the
linear surfaces it feels very muddled it
was with Akwa doors intention to
establish a new direction for the brand
amidst this boat drives as well as it
looks
they've probably found it
[Music]
you